what is of you to see that is you do
that at work bring you guys an edge heat
you will be sending five people but it's
really consistent and first thing you
want to do is make your right outside
linebacker your fastest guy Courtney
Upshaw is really not fast at all so I'm
most loving of Elvis Dumervil um and
we're gonna be 43 over and the play is
called if I could find it fire zone 2
now all you want to do in base online
pincher d it not pinching but uh crash
them down then reboot this right outside
linebacker and bring him to the outside
make sure he gets that blitzing angle
and I like the past commit if we get the
edge pressure right there just clean off
the edge Elvis Dumervil isn't the
fastest guy either so someone like
Robert Mathis he'll be perfect um who
also be good um clay matthews if you
could put him out right outside
linebacker but i'm just anyone fast uh
he doesn't need to be strong or anything
just fast oh so right there we get the B
gap and that does come through um be
kept does come through it all depends on
the offensive line and how they read
that are are they read the defense line
but you should be expecting the edge he
more often than not and I'm contend with
the edgy because I love it I love
sending edgy because it prevents
quarterback to rolling yellow light in
this situation I would run it I'll run
the blood to the right or I'll run my
cover three um edgy and the right there
gets picked up but that's because i
forgot to crash the deal on down but
usually i would send this books out of
43 over i made a video on this so if you
guys have any go check it out it's like
that a slash we get whatever um edit i
upload a couple like a week ago
something like that
so this is the boot i would send it's a
really consistent a gap the gap and she
right there the a gap and the beat are a
gap and that she came through um yeah so
you could even send four people and a
gap will still come through right there
we do get edge pressure and yeah it's
just a really consistent blitz over i
know this video's for the other blitz
but on a shot too i made a video on this
before so i'll go check it out to where
the good blitz i use in game all the
time really consistent and a cheap my
name is thanks for watching guys off
because in your um it's just a quick
little blitz video I don't have been
posting every day but uh I just got
stuff to do but um I try to I'll try to
get every day from now on but anyways
nice watching that I hope you guys enjoy
see you guys later